vote: bufferflies as PD committer (#136)
tikv/community: votes/0137-bufferflies-as-pd-committer.md

# A Vote for bufferflies as PD Committer

## Proposal

> [@bufferflies](https://github.com/bufferflies) has been working on `tikv/pd` for more than four months. He has continuously contributed to scheduler、recover、statistics for PD. His pr are listed [here]( https://github.com/tikv/pd/pulls?q=+is%3Apr+author%3Abufferflies+).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@bufferflies](https://github.com/bufferflies) has been working on `tikv/pd` for more than four months. He has continuously contributed to scheduler, recover, statistics for PD. His pull requests are listed [here]( https://github.com/tikv/pd/pulls?q=+is%3Apr+author%3Abufferflies+).
```

@nolouch I'd suggest use English punctuation, and if possible, describe more on why we nominate @bufferflies as committer to build an image to the community.

# A Vote for bufferflies as PD Committer

## Proposal

> [@bufferflies](https://github.com/bufferflies) has been working on `tikv/pd` for more than four months. He has continuously contributed to the scheduler, recovery, and statistics for PD, and His main contribution is to simulate scheduling behaviors with [MathLab](https://github.com/bufferflies/tidb-simulink), which is a challenging task, which establish control modeling for scheduling and can help to find optimal ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@bufferflies](https://github.com/bufferflies) has been working on `tikv/pd` for more than four months. He has continuously contributed to the scheduler, recovery, and statistics for PD.

His main contribution is implementing simulate scheduling behaviors with [MathLab](https://github.com/bufferflies/tidb-simulink), which establishes control modeling for scheduling and can help to find optimization ideas.
```
